Documentation update (#8508)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/dev/faq.rst

... interact with the Galaxy database interactively?
----------------------------------------------------

This can be done with either IPython or a plain Python console, depending on your preferences:

.. code-block:: python

    python -i scripts/db_shell.py

... build Galaxy Javascript frontend client?
--------------------------------------------

> We've added a makefile which will let you do this. You can simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added a Makefile which will let you do this. You can simply run:
```
